Document install, update, and delete procedures for Argo Rollouts (#61983)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-deleting-rolloutmanager-custom-resource.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * openshift-docs/cicd/gitops/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * cicd/gitops/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc
```

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-deleting-rolloutmanager-custom-resource_{context}"]
= Deleting a RolloutManager custom resource

> Uninstalling the {gitops-title} Operator does not remove the resources that were created during installation. You must manually delete the `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR), before you uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstalling the {gitops-title} Operator does not remove the resources that were created during installation. You must manually delete the `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR) before you uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.
```

> Uninstalling the {gitops-title} Operator does not remove the resources that were created during installation. To uninstall the progressive delivery of deployments by using {gitops-title}, you must explicitly delete the resources by deleting the `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR), and then uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.

Reviewer 2: Suggested revision of the second sentence:

```
You must manually delete the `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR) before you uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.
```

.Prerequisites

> * {gitops-title} 1.9.0, or a later version, is installed in your cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* {gitops-title} 1.9.0 or a newer version is installed in your cluster.
```

* A `RolloutManager` CR exists in your namespace.

.Procedure 

. Log in to the {product-title} web console as a cluster administrator. 

. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Create or select the project where `RolloutManager` CR for the progressive delivery is setup from the *Project* drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: A couple of nits:

1. "Create or select the project" -> Is it possible for it to have not been created at this point?
2. The phrasing is confusing here. I'd suggest the following revision based on similar documentation:
```
Click the *Project* drop-down menu and select the project that contains the `RolloutManager` CR.
```

. Select *OpenShift GitOps Operator* from the installed operators.

> . In the Tabs section, click *RolloutManager* to find the list of RolloutManager instances under the *RolloutManagers* section.

Reviewer 2: > In the Tabs section

I'm confused about this - should this be `Click the *RolloutManager* tab`? 

The "to find the list..." part also seems like it could be simplified, but I'm not familiar enough with this UI to make a suggestion here.

> . Select the instance by clicking on its name. 

Reviewer 2: IBM Style Guide re: "click on"

> Do not use. Use click instead to refer to the action of selecting something on a graphical interface.

> . At the top right corner of the pane, click *Actions* -> *Delete RolloutManager* from the drop-down menu, and click *Delete* to confirm in the dialog box.

Reviewer 2: Re: "top right" (ISG)

> Do not use. See [upper left, upper right](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#upper-left).

and the ISG entry on "upper left/right":

> Accessibility and globalization requirement: People who have limited vision, or who use interfaces that are translated into a bidirectional language, might not understand information if it is conveyed only by location. Provide additional descriptive information. For example, write _The tables are displayed in the Table List pane, which is in the upper right of the window_, not _The list of tables is displayed in the upper right of the window._

. In the *RolloutManager* tab, under the *RolloutManagers* section, verify that the RolloutManager instance is not available anymore.

. In the left navigation pane, verify the deletion of the namespace-scoped supporting resources:
+ 
* Click *Workloads* -> *Deployments* and ensure the `argo-rollouts` deployment is deleted.
* Click *Workloads* -> *Secrets* and ensure the `argo-rollouts-notification-secret` secret is deleted.
* Click *Networking* -> *Services* and ensure the `argo-rollouts-metrics` service is deleted.
* Click *User Management* -> *Roles* and ensure the `argo-rollouts` role and `argo-rollouts-aggregate-to-admin`, `argo-rollouts-aggregate-to-edit`, and `argo-rollouts-aggregate-to-view` cluster roles are deleted.

> * Click *User Management* -> *RoleBindings* and ensure the `argo-rollouts` role binding is deleted.

Reviewer 2: My comments from modules/gitops-creating-rolloutmanager-custom-resource.adoc also apply to this section

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * openshift-docs/cicd/gitops/argo-rollouts-for-progressive-delivery-of-deployments.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-deleting-rolloutmanager-custom-resource_{context}"]

> = Deleting RolloutManager custom resource

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
= Deleting a RolloutManager custom resource
```

> Uninstallation of {gitops-title} Operator does not remove any resources it created. To uninstall the progressive delivery of deployments by using {gitops-title}, you must explicitly delete the resources by deleting the RolloutManager custom resource (CR) and then uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To uninstall the progressive delivery of deployments by using {gitops-title}, you must explicitly delete the resources by deleting the RolloutManager custom resource (CR).
```
The title suggests uninstallation of CR. Is it required to mention the uninstallation of the operator?

Author: Yes, because sometimes users might think that removing the Operator will remove all CR. Hence it is explicitly mentioned by @iam-veeramalla in his initial content.

> Uninstallation of {gitops-title} Operator does not remove any resources it created. To uninstall the progressive delivery of deployments by using {gitops-title}, you must explicitly delete the resources by deleting the RolloutManager custom resource (CR) and then uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Uninstalling the {gitops-title} Operator does not remove the resources that were created during installation. To uninstall the progressive delivery of deployments by using {gitops-title}, you must explicitly delete the resources by deleting the `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR), and then uninstall the {gitops-title} Operator.
```

.Prerequisites

* {gitops-title} 1.9.0, or a later version, is installed in your cluster.

> * RolloutManager custom resources are available in the namespace of your choice.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A `RolloutManager` CR exists in your namespace.
```
Again, object formatting

.Procedure 

> . Log in to the {product-title} web console. 

Reviewer 3: Again, probably need to mention they need cluster admin permissions and need to go to the Administrator perspective

. Click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Create or select the project where RolloutManager CR for the progressive delivery is setup from the *Project* drop-down menu.

Reviewer 3: object formatting

. Select *OpenShift GitOps Operator* from the installed operators.

. In the Tabs section, click *RolloutManager* to find the list of RolloutManager instances under the *RolloutManagers* section.

. Select the instance by clicking on its name. 

. At the top right corner of the pane, click *Actions* -> *Delete RolloutManager* from the drop-down menu, and click *Delete* to confirm in the dialog box.

> . In the *RolloutManager* tab, under the *RolloutManagers* section, verify that the RolloutManager instance is not available anymore.

Reviewer 3: object formatting

Author: @abrennan89 Here it is not the API object but an instance of RollloutManager in the UI. Similar to an ArgoCD instance in the UI. The name of this instance is customizable. So we have to treat it the same way as we write for an ArgoCD instance. So I am leaving it as is.

. In the left navigation pane, verify the deletion of the namespace-scoped supporting resources:
+ 
* Click *Workloads* -> *Deployments* and ensure the `argo-rollouts` deployment is deleted.
* Click *Workloads* -> *Secrets* and ensure the `argo-rollouts-notification-secret` secret is deleted.
* Click *Networking* -> *Services* and ensure the `argo-rollouts-metrics` service is deleted.
* Click *User Management* -> *Roles* and ensure the `argo-rollouts` role and `argo-rollouts-aggregate-to-admin`, `argo-rollouts-aggregate-to-edit`, and `argo-rollouts-aggregate-to-view` cluster roles are deleted.
* Click *User Management* -> *RoleBindings* and ensure the `argo-rollouts` role binding is deleted.

> .Additional Resources

Reviewer 3: xrefs are only allowed in assemblies, not modules
